# DocuQuery: Intelligent Document Q&A

DocuQuery is a tool designed to facilitate intelligent question-answering from various document formats. Whether you have a PDF, TXT file, or even a URL link, DocuQuery allows you to upload the content and seamlessly ask questions related to the document's context.

## Features
- **Document Upload:** Upload PDF, TXT files, or provide a URL link to the document.
- **Question-Answering:** Utilizes advanced natural language processing to answer questions based on the uploaded document.
- **OpenAI Integration:** Employs Llama 3, an open-source model with OpenAI embeddings, to enhance language understanding.
- **Faiss Database:** Implements Faiss for efficient storage and retrieval of document embeddings.
- **Streamlit UI:** User-friendly interface powered by Streamlit for smooth navigation and interaction.
- **Tracking and Monitoring:** Integration with LangSmith for tracking and monitoring functionalities.
- **LangChain Integration:** Utilizes LangChain document loader, text splitter chains, etc., for enhanced document processing.

## Installation
1. Ensure you have Python installed on your system.
2. Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/your_username/DocuQuery.git
    ```
3. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```
    cd DocuQuery
    ```
4. Install the required dependencies:
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage
1. After installing the dependencies, run the Streamlit app:
    ```
    streamlit run app.py
    ```
2. Access the application through the provided URL in your browser.
3. Upload your document (PDF, TXT file, or URL link).
4. Ask questions related to the content of the document.
5. Receive intelligent answers generated by DocuQuery.


